>> Brian: This is still
gonna be in SearchParams.
So if we go back to our website here,
just to show you, localhost1234.
>> Brian: We have all the search facets
that we need to be able to search for
pets, but we're not actually using
that to hit the API yet, right?
So what we wanna do is we wanna
add the ability that we can go and
hit the API and get pets back so
we can display them.
So we're gonna add another useState here,
we're gonna say contst [pets,
setPets] = useState,
and it's gonna be an empty array,
all right?
Because when you first request things from
the API, there's gonna be no pets there.
>> Brian: Okay, here above the useEffect,
we're gonna make an async function, so
async function requestPets.
>> Brian: What we're gonna do is
we're gonna say, const ,
which we're gonna destructure, right?
Cuz we know it's gonna be called animals,
and we're gonna say, = await pet.animals.
>> Brian: And we're gonna send
the location, the breed, and the type,
which is gonna be the animal.
>> Brian: All right, so
a couple of things to unpack here,
this may be your first time
using an async function.
So an async function is a function that
is guaranteed to return a promise, right?
So anything that's an async
function always returns a promise.
Even though I'm not doing anything here,
this returns a promise that will resolve
whenever this function completes.
Now I'm just ignoring it,
but that's beside the point.
So that's what an async function does,
but the superpower that you can decide of
async functions is that I
get this await keyword.
So pet.animals returns a promise itself,
right?
And I'm just saying, hey, wait here in
this function until this completes and
then give me back the data.
So I could say pet.animals.then and
then do all that stuff inside of there,
but here I'm just saying wait for
this to finish and give me back the data.
So it makes this asynchronous code of
go to here, wait, go to here, wait,
go to here, wait, and then finish, right?
So I'm a big fan of async await, this just
makes this code look really, really nice.
So now I have animals, I'm guaranteed
that animals will be done by
the time I get down here and
I can just say setPets with the animals.
Or if it comes back with
nothing from the API,
just set it to continue to be
an empty array, all right?
If I request something and no animals
come back, set it to be an empty array,
and that's what this or
operator is gonna do for us.
Either it's gonna be
whatever is in animals or
it's going to be an empty array.
>> Brian: Pretty cool, right?
I think it's pretty cool.
>> Brian: So now what I can do
is I can go down to the form.
>> Brian: So this form that we put
in here, and I can say unsubmit =,
and I need to do two things
here inside of this function.
>> Brian: The first thing is I don't want
it to actually submit a form, right,
like an HTML form.
So I'm gonna say e.preventDefault,
which you all have probably done at one
point in your JavaScript career or not.
If not, then God bless you,
you've missed a really dark time.
[LAUGH] Just kidding,
>> Brian: But
this will prevent it from
submitting a HTML post form.
And then all we're gonna do here
is we're gonna say requestPets.
>> Brian: So if we try to transpile
this right now, right now, by default,
Parcel is making this work for
Internet Explorer 11.
As a representative of Microsoft,
I'm sorry
[LAUGH]
we don't need that, right?
This is just a demo application that
you and I are working on for fun, so
we can just target modern browsers, right?
We're okay to target the last two versions
of Firefox and Chrome and call it good.
Obviously, you need to cater
this to your audience, right?
So make sure you're looking at
your analytics to figure out
this should work for 99% of my users or
something like that.
But for us, we're just gonna say make
it work for the latest browsers and
that's it.
So actually here inside of my notes,
I have a really good list for
you to hit all the latest browsers.
So go ahead and just copy that right
there, or you can type it out,
but it's a lot.
>> Brian: So again,
this is in the Handling Async.
So Handling Async right there,
number nine, down here,
this browser's lists thing.
>> Brian: Okay, and then I'm gonna
put this inside of my package.json.
You can put it really anywhere, but
here, underneath dependencies is good.
>> Brian: And so all this is is this
is an array of various kinds of
browsers that I want, Babel and PostCSS,
which are both running behind
the scenes inside of Parcel,
compile my code to work for
these browsers.
And Parcel already knows to look here,
which is cool.
>> Brian: So let's look at the last two
Chrome versions, Chrome, Android, Firefox.
These are all of the, quote-unquote,
alive, evergreen browsers.
Now, the reason I wanted to
do this is because only very,
very modern browsers support async await.
Otherwise, it's going to transform this
into something called a regenerator,
which we just don't even wanna deal with,
believe me.